okay so this is part something of this
build log and I've clearly been doing a
lot since the last one you guys saw the
last part Phil and I put together the
Alex desks and was this even done when
we ended that video I think it was
Lambert yeah as you can see I've done
some stuff so I show it on Twitter some
of the things that I've done you guys
were like oh my god how'd you do that
and I was like you can actually do it
creat cheap I'm gonna show you how I
built this glow I'm flying blue top me
not a glass not acrylic so it's not
gonna scratch how I made this really
inexpensive backboard that yes I know
the TV is not centered height wise on I
screwed that up but it's cheap enough to
where I can do another one if I want to
so I'll show you guys how we did that
and we're gonna do some other custom
stuff today regarding lighting and I
think you guys are gonna hopefully enjoy
it I don't care if you do though because
it's my space not the website it's my
dream and I really like it that's what
matters most looking for a new PC or PC
hardware then today's sponsor Micro
Center is guaranteed to have what you
need micro centers huge selection of
hardware and devices along with their
industry-leading prices mean you get
more for your money this holiday season
with build your own micro center carries
the latest in PC tech from all major
brands while passionate knowledgeable
sales staff are available to assist you
with your next build not comfortable
building it yourself then certified
in-store technicians can build it for
you in as little as the same day to see
all that micro Center has to offer and
to find the store closest to you click
the sponsor link in the description
below okay so the desk setup is just
like the iconic tech tuber random freak
P tech soars who ever like else you're
probably your average consumer I think
did one like this these are just the
Carl B tops in the dark walnut color
color which is more like an oak with the
cheap Amazon couch feet that I bought to
space it up about another two inches
because I'm tall so I want them to sit
higher the Alex drawers
lots of them you can see I've got two
side-by-side right here because I was
anticipating putting nebula on here
which is like nearly a hundred pounds I
don't know if I'm to use that system
anymore in this in this space I might
end up doing another small form-factor
build for this area but I'm completely
undecided on that but you could see it
wraps around to here
and I did the same thing on this side by
the file cabinet on this half because of
the fact that I want to be able to
actually put my taxes and stuff in an
area not a cardboard box and I have to
go digging through the closet for my CPA
ask for a receipt so that's beside the
point
it will make this anymore this this
cable management piece this was part of
the Galant series which has been
discontinued a long time ago I have two
of these one of them still in storage I
held on to these for just such an
occasion and as you can see they're
perfect because I've got my power strip
in here I've got it all cable managed
I'll show you how I did that it just
screwed to the bottom also too because I
didn't want these desks it's a slight
heart if Phil can kind of come under
here you'll see I went to Home Depot and
I went to the fencing section not that
sword fighting but you know where those
fence post material and all the
galvanized stuff and bracketry and I
just got this bracket and I screwed
eight screws per bracket holding them
together so they won't separate apart
that way they're perfectly level on the
top and they don't move around so if I
slide the desk it moves as a whole and
it's very very firm the screws I use
their long so they're probably going
halfway into the board so you can see
that there but because it's elevated
like it is you can see the RGB glow
which is set to white because you can do
whatever you want with it
right is um now causing it to glow up
the wall and down do what have a that's
okay there's gonna be a lot of touch-ups
necessary so that's how that's done this
is this is stupid easy the size of this
desk so each of these Alex drawers were
$79 apiece
so that's $320 just in the drawers the
tops were 179 or not--not 208 per top
some of that so you can see this desk
was probably gonna be a lot it wasn't it
wasn't cheap but I like a lot of disk
space because I also want to have like I
said a laptop and a secondary set up
over here so when I'm monitoring streams
or I just want to do something it
doesn't involve desktop I always have a
laptop with me
and
I probably have other things going on
here I don't know what get let's talk
about the thing you guys obviously care
about Oh as a couch because well
ultimate game room wouldn't have a chill
space so this is a best uh TV stand for
my Kia the cool thing about this is you
can configure it how you want this
particular version I want to say was
just under four hundred dollars as
configured but I obviously went with the
frosted glass doors that cover the whole
side and you can obviously see why I
went with the taller one because it's a
wall-mounted TV I wanted to get the
entertainment center up high it's using
their stainless steel feet I had
considered doing a wall-mounted one so
that it can it could hang and look cool
floating but that would've been a cable
management nightmare and anytime I need
to get behind there to hook something up
taking them off the wall with a complete
pain in the ass but I was like I want to
make this custom in some way and I told
Phil I was like hey glass I could
backlight it and that was the original
idea which led to this so they sell
these glass tops they're only 25 bucks
which is cool because if it breaks
because of my kids and stuff I dropped
it what three times thank you like you
on the corner trying to put it on the
stupid thing because it's not in a
cardboard box when you buy it it didn't
break so that's a good start but I went
you know what just a glass top on the
top is not gonna be good enough for me
so I went how can I make this custom
well because I want to pull out more
wood tones and not have the only wood in
this room be the desk and myself I
wanted to make these planks for the back
of the TV now I'll tell you how I did
these in a second but to pull in more
wood tone I came up with this trim right
here this is just one by one birch that
you can go to any hardware store and you
can buy very very cheap and what I did
was I just measured it so it was smaller
than the table so I'd have a I would
have a bezel that hangs over with the
glass and then I literally just stapled
it with our staple gun the same
compressor that we used to blow up that
water cooling loop so I already had it
but you can get it pretty cheap if you
need to or borrow one they're not you
can even rent one at Home Depot and
other places I just used the one-inch
staples
you staple them in to themselves so
they're at a 45-degree cut so they look
nice and neat and then I use these
rubber standoffs these rubber feet that
I got from the hardware section to stand
it up off the table for two reasons one
without any sort of friction on here a
rubber or something it just kind of
slides around and so I didn't want that
too it looks really neat allowing some
of the light to escape between the glass
and the bottom now I've got two
different thicknesses on here because I
was playing around with this and I'm
gonna be replacing the bottom with a
thicker or thinner feet like I've got on
the top because what I'm sitting on the
couch a lot of the light will leak right
in your face because of the edge lit
LEDs which I found to be very
distracting and very uncomfortable so
I'm going to be showing you how I made
this right now I'm gonna take it apart
to replace those feet these wood pieces
right here it only took two ninety eight
inch or 96 inch I think links to do this
with plenty left over that was roughly
twenty dollars worth of lumber if that
probably not even that and then the
rubber feet for three ninety five a
package and then the LED strip on the
inside is actually the Philips hue now
the Philips hue strip was seventy nine
bucks
however you know as well as I do on
Amazon and even now inside like Lowe's
and Home Depot you can get the really
inexpensive remote control controlled
strips for like 30 bucks or even fifteen
bucks or cheaper on Amazon so if you
didn't want the smart controlled
features like I have like this like make
the glow top blue so I mean I can do
that sort of stuff and if I turn off the
light you'll see a lot better make the
TV hutch blue so because these are all
smart controlled I can control them
through apps through scenes and routines
if you don't care about any of that then
you can go with the cheap LED options
and have the same effect and just use
your remote control to do it turn off
the TV ouch so you give up that
functionality with going with the basic
stuff but that's perfectly fine so if
you look at it now you get a really good
idea of what it looks like without any
of the lights on and I really like that
so let's show you what it looks like
though when I take it apart and I think
you might realize just how super
basic and easy this is so the stain that
I used on here is actually a one-hour
drying interior stain I think it's
called California oak or something along
those lines and I just basically took
the edge molding piece that comes with
the table that way if you cut it you can
stick it on the end because it is a
veneer and just stained it to match and
then this is what I came up with so
although it's birch and not oak it's not
exactly the same grain but as you can
see it definitely gives us enough of the
same effect and you can see here's the
rubber standoffs that I use right there
in fact I have gotten these out of an
assortment pack because I didn't know
exactly what size I needed so I'm going
to right now is I'm gonna change these
corner ones so that you guys can can see
how I'm gonna make a little bit less of
a gap so that it's not so much light
bleeds did you see I didn't even see the
bottom I was like what's the point
that's called laziness no it meant that
I can actually set it down and let it
dry and two people actually took some of
the wood up with it that's shaky even
though these are both one by ones
they're not exactly one by one so one of
them is like a half a millimeter thinner
than the others which means the corner
is not perfectly flat like flush you
might try my best here here's a good
example here so you can look at this one
you can see that this is taller than
this one so I wouldn't want the glass
like rocking so the rubber piece though
well level that so another little hack
just go and get these little rubber feet
these are super thin as you can see this
wood remote control holder I'm probably
gonna a harmony remote or something to
have a single remote woods fly all over
this glass until I stuck those on there
so as you can see it really sticks on
there now so the TV which I bought for
this room it's a little overkill
although expensive it's it's LG c9 I got
it because of the fact it's dirty right
now - I got it because of all of its
g-sync capabilities and it's super high
refresh rate not refresh rate but
response time gaming I don't think I'll
hook a computer after this I never know
but the price of the c9 is came down
quite a bit so that's one of the reasons
why we included it in here in fact my
business partner in his
of his condo in Long Beach he's got a 75
inch c9 that I installed him
wall-mounted for him and after playing
some games on it hooked up to his
computer I played Jedi Paul in order
specifically on it it was really good
part of my problems with TVs for the
longest time has been the input lag that
TVs would inevitably provide but the
OLED being as fast as it is being g-sync
compatible and 2 point hdmi 2.1 forward
compatible makes it just it's only going
to mature better like fine wine with
time so seeing how good the c9 actually
was in his space made me have to go with
one of these I was gonna go with an OLED
I was looking at a Sony x9 50 or a 9x9
50 F which I have downstairs actually in
a 75 inch version even though the window
right behind it yes there's glare but
I've had ole Ed's for so long now I'm
kind of used to it I'm used to looking
at so in the glare I kind of look
through it plus when those blinds are
shut if I put a blackout curtain rod
across it that I can close during movies
you might even get one of those take
control might even get one of those
smart controlled ones that connects to a
rod so when I when I tell it you know
movie time because it's gonna make all
the lights go custom then I'll just
close this right here it's not the first
time it's been done in fact it's quite
common for people to do a wood plank
wall behind the TV just to get a little
bit of class and like I said I wanted to
pull any more of the wood tones because
I've got the gray is I got the whites
wood is the warm inviting tone for this
particular gamer I also didn't want to
add 5,000 pounds of wood to this wall
either and if I went and got oak planks
which I was planning on doing single
playing all the way across gluing them
together planing it making it flat
taking a router bezel or beveling it it
still would have been like 500 pounds of
wood I didn't want that so what I did
instead I found a single piece of eighth
inch pine as I think its eighth inch 18
inch pine which is basically one layer
of what you would find in like plywood
only it's a much higher quality piece of
wood and then went to the flooring
session and got myself these vinyls dig
on peeling stick
flooring planks in the same color that
matched the desk then all I did was
Stagg remand you cut some links and cut
them because you can cut them with a
razor blade and snap them like you just
you score it and it snaps and then I
came up with this so I haven't done an
edge for this yet I may not do an edge I
might do a white edge I haven't decided
but the TV is mounted the only way that
this is being held on right now is
through the TV mount you'll see the TV
mount is actually squishing it against
the wall the corner is if you look
they're not mounting down because that
particular piece of plywood also didn't
warp or curl at all because it's a
higher quality piece of wood and as you
can see yes I cable managed behind the
TV I do this on all the TVs I wall mount
because I cannot stand if you can see
them which you can from where Phil's
standing because that's the door I am
NOT a fan of wires going everywhere so
as you can see yes I can't believe as
that we've got more to do today though
we've got shelves and I want to light
these shelves as well just like I've lit
my desk but one of the things I hate and
no offense to anyone that's done this
when people take their shelves and they
put it up on the wall and then they just
stick on some LEDs shining up and you
can see the edge of the LED to me that
looks super tacky I'm gonna show you
today how on the cheap stay in there how
on the cheap you can hide your lights
look at all the lighting effects as a
car guide this makes me sad my garage
just sort of become the catch-all during
all this project because I move the
catch-all out of the old thing look
bizzy's here filthy and with a battery
tender on her but so many people were
convinced I solder nope she's right
there and she's been driven exactly
twice in the last two years at least
both those times were on track but yeah
so there's the cars and stuff but that's
not why we're that's not what we're here
today these are the inexpensive floating
shelves from Ikea again like the most
youtuber II prerequisite for any sort of
a game room is to have these shelves and
the other thing everyone does is they
just stick their lighting down to it
call it a day and then you can see the
edge of the lights and I think it looks
absolutely terrible like I said no
offense to anyone that may be running
that but maybe what I'm going to show
you today you can tweak it a little bit
without having to actually cause
yourself that much more work and it will
look
a million times better trust me so this
is just L Channel and all we're going to
do is we're gonna cut it down to length
so if this is the side that's against
the wall we are creating this ledge that
we can mount the lights to to shine up
without shining out and into your face
and I went with this because as you can
see it's a close enough color to where
it's not gonna really matter and then
you know you can clean it and stuff it
is sandal and paintable if you want to I
did get paint in case I needed to I also
think I should hit it with my hacksaw
and not my big miter saw because I don't
know it's not gonna just shatter when
the blade hits it so when this goes on
the wall now you have that little lip
for the writing but the lighting will be
behind it well who's in these house
using my scratched oakley's is my safety
glasses so if you have shelf lighting
start doing this now in terms of this
super cheap DIY hack you could hacksaw
this if you don't have a miter saw like
I have there I mean I already had the
saw so why not use it
it didn't splinter the material which is
good but you could use a hacksaw even
one meant for a metal blade because this
is not very coarse and you don't need a
staple gun like this you can use just
small nails and a hammer like you would
use on the backing board on like a piece
of Ikea furniture or the other ones you
have to hammer in so just to kind of do
a little bit of a test right now I'm
kind of curious so and then you would
just clean that up with a little bit of
sandpaper or a file or whatever so as
you can see you could totally do that
on the super cheap and then in terms of
like the nails and stuff you just use
like you like these kind of nails would
work they have shorter ones you can go
to Home Depot and buy them for buy half
that length and they're brown even so
that's the way you could do it if you're
like I don't have those tools you know
need those tools they just make a
password so I figured since I'm showing
you guys right now how I did this and
I'll show you how I did the backing
board so this is the board that's wet
cuz I just sprayed it so this is the
board right here that is on the wall
super light it's just like I said a
single ply of pine plywood would have
several layers of this which makes it
heavier this is what we're gonna be
making our walls I have now when we do
our next set because it's way lighter
than that stupid particle
word that I bought and cheaper and if
you guys have a lumber shop nearby you
never know you might be able to find
scraps or something so these are the
final strips as you can see if you look
on the back that's if y'all tacky that
is too like flypaper
so this is it right here so what we did
was we just started in the corner and I
cut this down so that it would hang off
so you guys could see how I cut it
because feels like I want to do that in
my apartment so we're gonna he's gonna
kind of learn as much as he's filming
this right now so I just lined it it up
line did it I lined it up with the edges
and made it straight most hardware
stores that sell wooden stuff you can
ask them to cut it so I add I had them
cut the big sheet to the size that I
wanted because I don't have a table saw
so I wouldn't I would not try to use the
straight edge you can cut that it would
never been straight so they can cut it
for you if you don't have the tools
right so you can stick this on one of
the things we did my wife and I helped
she helped me stick it all on and then
we were done we just kind of walked all
over it right to make you a little all
nice and stuck down and then when you
flip it over you technically would want
to score it on the other side but I'm
gonna show you how even scoring on this
side isn't so bad you do it it's so
clean of a break - holy crap sick so we
are clearly getting to the end of this
project so here's the nest lights here
are the shelf lights you can see we
brought nebula over yup we decided that
I'm probably gonna go ahead use it but I
also think I need to flush this loop
because I forgot that it's just
distilled water with no biocide in there
and it's now cloudy so you can see the
shelf lighting turned out really really
good
here's that channel that I made we
painted the piece right there to sort of
match I didn't put my extension cord
channel on the wall yet I also have one
that goes right here for the extension
cord that's running to the system and
it's painted to match the wall I just
it's downstairs in the garage I didn't
get ready yet so that's where we are
going to end part three which means by
the time we come back and we do part
four that's gonna end up having the
grand finale also - this board is
starting to curl up off the wall now
because it's been raining we've had the
windows
there's lots of moisture so I'm gonna
end up going and like using my nail gun
to kind of which to make it all flat
which I anticipated I would probably
have to do at some point anyway that is
the end of part three and you know we're
getting close to the end of the project
because well it looks like a pretty dope
room to me
yeah nebulas not gonna be staying red
that's just aura just was like I don't
know what to do red
so we'll take care of all that later and
I'll be flushing all that no I went
cloudy and put whatever we'll find out
later thanks for watching guys see you
in the conclusion although you probably
see a video before that about something
else I don't know why yet